The app that you're going to be building is a variation on the Would You Rather game.
The game itself provides the user with two choices,
and the user has to decide if they'd rather choose option A,
or rather choose option B.
The game will keep track of the number of votes that each option gets,
and displays how your vote compares with all votes over time.
As you can tell, there are a lot of little pieces of state changing throughout this app.
You need to manage the list of questions,
which option the user picked,
the total number of votes for each question, and more.
So, you'll need to put your reading skills into practice here.
Check in the following sections for
the specific details on how the app needs to function.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6